I have an amazing shrink yeah I don't
seem too much anymore but he talks like
this he kind of sees a New York guy he's
got a sigh he sounds like Mickey Rourke
in the early days yeah and he literally
he was this kind of guy I would be in
there whining about this very stuff and
he would literally go he'd listen to me
about 20 minutes ago
yeah all right shut the fuck up your
problem is you're a fucking baby that's
what it sounds like what yeah all this
this didn't happen I didn't get this
this is all shit that if I told you what
happened to somebody else you wouldn't
give a shit but cuz it's to you it's
like a fucking crime yeah everybody had
this shit grow the fuck up like the best
thing I ever got told what's this guy's
number
he's amazing Phil Stockton I say his
name yeah he just wrote a book about
this stuff and you know as the book all
shut the fuck up essentially now it's
called the tools it gives you tools to
like get you you to work with this shit
and and pacifically this stuff you know
narcissus all grown man yes he
specializes in people in show business
and that specific kind of narcissism
narcissism yeah that we all have and
self-obsession that actually we kind of
have to have it's part of our job yeah
but then gets out of hand and gets away
from us anyway and you feel like you've
moved through it well eventually I kind
of had to say to my mom and dad here's
what I was upset about you know that
mama cuz I I know what they usually say
what did your sin we did the best we
could they did yeah they did and you
know that what I real the short answer
is what I realized over time is they're
absolutely right they absolutely did I
don't hold anybody if somebody's doing
their best with what they've got and
really believes in their heart that
they're giving you their level best how
can you really fault them I mean you can
you can understand what was deficient
and what you didn't get and what you
didn't like and yeah but it's hard to
hold a grudge against somebody who
really was do I mean that's what I'm
doing my son right it's my best but
yourself aware and you know and you
bring a complete emotional vocabulary of
your own struggle with this stuff
yes and I hope to parent him it
reflecting that
look that generation 1 World War 2 I
don't think we could have yeah but we're
I don't think we could is that yours
that's hilarious it's yes that is mine
but but we're better parents you know
yeah we're better in that way yeah yeah
and and because we have an understanding
of all we can we can't hold that over a
kid you know like we won World War two
that's what we did cut us some swag
swell it kind of we're free because
you're not dead or speaking German
exactly yeah so yeah and it didn't you
know they my father kind of it was kind
of amazing
I I'm went to him and I said you know
dad I kind of have a lot of resentment
cuz you weren't there a lot you know
when I was growing up and you know I
just I missed you you know and he just
he took it on listen to me any and she
just went yes I was and that was it
pretty much and you've got it you've got
to eat that yeah what do you do with
that yeah okay yeah said my piece yeah
your pieces yes I was what my dad my dad
will actually bring up memories of me
that I'm surprised he has I don't know
if yours does that where you think
they're not there but then he'll say
like what about that time will you with
that girl and you were crying and you
know I guess I don't know how you
remembered now you're lucky oh yeah and
your mom too I mean they you know my mom
kind of took it all in as well and then
that gets a little more aggressively
like yeah we that went a little bit more
the realm of oh so I guess everything
wrong with you is my fault okay there
you go
yeah yeah and in the end you know look
I'm glad I said it once and it was
useful because then I can stop with that
already
yeah said my piece and now and look I
and I love them and we have a great
relationship now and I can give to them
and they're in their later years now so
it gets easier than two because a lot of
the some of the heart rougher edges get
smoothed off you know leave some left
for my parents they get tempered by time
very much when you see time just
crushing your parents
yeah you gotta you because you're not
gonna sit there and go huh so who's
winning winning exactly I say you
weren't there you were in there okay
okay little man
exactly medicine exactly so yeah but I
know I said it I said my piece they said
there's and then we can all live happily